sorry she's remarkably powerful in
social media good point yeah so much
freedom there is no boundaries you can
say whatever you want she's fearless I
don't think about it I did do it I like
her attitude about that it's crazy how
many followers they have 2.9 million
people follow me on Instagram
collectively it's in the tens of
millions I pick up my phone at least
every three to four minutes every time
you pick it up there's something else to
look at I like to post a balance between
family work and charity inspiring quotes
positive messages sometimes I post
photos I shouldn't in one second I could
screw up everything I have it's like the
big red button
be careful tweet threat you shouldn't we
grab anything I feel like I've deleted
something before but I can't remember me
I haven't had like a shocking moment
that I had to get my agencies like get
that off it's to shame life is too short
friends to show you can just go on
Google and see my but anyway that's
crazy we should do something bad right
now I know it'd be great for our image
yeah one of the reasons the brand is so
well-known worldwide is because of their
social activity it's part of the child
ladies and gentlemen Taylor Swift
see